and hello to you nistelroy again
keep playing minecraft
I am in a very strange place
Now I will tell you this in general
In short, I thought up . Maybe it's not me.
came up with something already someone came up with
in general, I decided to do such a Schengen
type in general I will build different places
well in minecraft from any blocks and
try either to get out of them either
hold out there as much as possible and
find out whether you can spot something on one
for example 1 2 3 4 4 by 4 blocks in such
whether it is possible to survive indoors
Now in general, I type inmates it
before you know how american
films there show everything and earlier in
orange such clothes in general I'm
orange clothes these him in prison here
like us hawka can only eat
let's put it back here
except before all the garbage is now fed
right here we have a bed review on
freedom and toilet type here
charcoal but i think it's type
govnishche in general so but here we are in general
I can't get out of here.
still come out the clitoris and it is written there and there
the best warden of the month type in general
shorter than a creeper warden in general
as long as possible as long as possible here i am
hold on
and it seems to me that this is a bad idea
because that you can do in
first what is the essence of need to hold out
with food you must not starve to death
somehow have fun because so
bored just running around here and something
speak and if possible well if there is
some if thumb there will be others
places if there will be opportunities to get out
try to get out and still fend off
mobs but since I'm closed here
the room here is light and i am for
with a lattice it is unlikely someone to me
tidy up
so in general let's see what u
we have we have orange clothes
stick
they here apparently mean we see her
the acceptance from the watchmen of pollination forgot
for get out of the game oh yeah damn really forgot
get out of where fashion blunted now i'm
I will quickly leave by the way here already
Little
ran all examined what to look
and even I built a joke okay so i
keep going
in general, we can’t even have a level here
there are in general we have clay 8 clay and
one stick how can you be entertained on
can throw the toilet type in basketball
play got hit no no hit
beds can
damn it you can dark you so
worth forehead did not hit in general so i
keep up here a little distracted me
the phone vibrated called in general
so you can dante throw a pancake of course it
not comfortable and not chosen nifiga difficult
overall i got 2 wow cool yet
can be possible here so here's another video
add up and help to sculpt get
clay block who do not know put on
he jump up there I do not know to run
around him to piss him know
destroy it yes damn destroy and come on
glitch do not know break it build there
again make another one and you can even
I don't know how to do two
put everything here so much as 2 times
I know why there are two failures here
one of them is the best warder of the month
Okay , so do not want to destroy
put together again damn let's collapse in
general here and now everything happens
did not get significantly in general in general
boring here really boring we have
the stick we can beat on
release it and release youth creeper
nasty freaks don't know there by the way i
someone did a joke so come on
Now I ’ll do it somehow but the main thing is not
die
although there cry period well, something like this
damn in general, I shorter tag on them
hung and now she if you hover them
With the mouse, you can see that they are type guards
la let's set a difficult level
so that we quickly ended up
energy up in general here i do im but
there too here clipper is coming
In general, here it’s really boring .
here these are the sound of jumping slugs I even
I do not know what can be done here
really really boring basketball not
you will play very much here
so you can only leave so now
jump so dunk hop did not throw 1 3 times
got into
I do not know there can be so back somehow
leave the cop and it does not work out okay
how boring here is i will pause and be
wait until that happens then that
it's really boring in the general beginning I'm
I will end with the fact that if you probably
konterit on some server you have
jailed for where but something
did wrong to wash such
servers in rows in general there are
premises
Well, in general, as if there is a real server 1
there it is
do not ban for anything there just come down
the prison and you really sit there and you can
get out but you don't care when you're back
this server is delayed you will wear
the prison lasts a short time there
sow 20 minutes can generally here
bored
nothing can be done here only
Well, if we want to eat, he just
zhmaknem on the button or so open
it's just take sitting in general everything
so that was all cool
very much on this i will finish and if you
much video like and
subscribe to my channel write
comments come up with different
building where you have to sit and not toil
send me on a lichku I its not
will fold because you don't care
don't send i know
so good luck everyone all bye